chore(docs): added Nhost Run documentation (#2125)
nhost/nhost: docs/docs/run/6_registry.mdx

---
title: Registry
sidebar_label: Registry
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

## Creating a private repository for your image

We provide a private image registry you can push images to with each service. To make use of it you can start by creating a service and configuring it:

![configure service](/img/run/registry_1.png)

> Note that we are leaving the Image empty, this will autopopulate the service with the provisioned registry. We are also setting `Replicas` to 0 to avoid starting the service and incur costs before we have pushed the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we are leaving the Image empty, this will auto-populate the service with the provisioned registry. We are also setting `Replicas` to 0 to avoid starting the service and incurring costs before we have pushed the image.
```
